Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have Civitas Fields, and this theatre's fields are going to be displayed
vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Okay, so now what we're going to need to do is outside this row within the column widget.
First of all, we can just have the comma.
By the way, it's ends like this contract.
Let's save outside this row.
First of all as well, we're going to need the trailing cover.
Then we can then have the test filled or we can just go with the test home field.
It's basically the same thing.
Okay, that's from field.
And the test from field has a property known as decoration.
And this is going to be imputed.
The Declaration.
The MP declaration has the property known as lab test for the lab test.
We're going to say full name.
How did you recover it then?
Is that safe?
You can see the value in the OC for the OC.
Now when we click on this, we want to have something displayed inside.
So to do that, the MP decoration has a property load as each test.
It's test and we can say enter your.
You're.
Full name.
Okay.
Now it's come true.
And that's the save.
And.
Now click on this.
You're going to see the value.
Okay, great.
Now, what we also want to do is we want to have.
This slide all over the sides like not to do that this input the has a property known as border and
we can then say outline imputes border.
Now this content is safe to see what it does.
Fibula.
See this route?
Okay, great.
Now, I think this is way too straight.
So what we can do is we can have some rounded shape.
But before then, what we can simply do is over a year, we can.
Have a sized box.
Sized box and.
Height of.
Probably said for now and see.
Okay.
All we can just say 15.
15 NC.
Okay.
Now you can see this is way too straight.
Now, the outline pit border has a property known as border radius.
For the border radius, we can say border radius, whether it is dot circular and we can say 15 for
all sides or we can just go with 25 for all sides.
That is our round is going to be and over here we can should look over how to turn the cover in the
to have a very good format.
Look, you can see now we know where it ends.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can as well is over this column that wraps everything up.
We can give a to this by simply alight it and use it.
Control and dots and wrap with.
Padded.
And we can give this ten year pardon of ten.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can basically just do to make this more understandable or more readable.
We can just.
Called this off.
So our clipboard and we can use another column.
They'll call a widget and the children and then paste this.
Let's see if this is going to change.
Okay.
Not a change.
We can then copy this again.
And just duplicate this.
How the trachoma.
I'm going to get rid of this.
Is this a safe?
Okay.
And over here, we can say.
Email.
And is going to be.
Enter your email.
The key is culture, and that's the save.
And as well, you can see we have this two test fields.
So over here we can give a size box, the sized box and height of ten.
Had you tried to cover a news conference to save?
Okay.
And lastly, we can as well.
Just copy this or you can basically type it yourself into that's for you to master the process.
Right.
So most of the time you really don't need to copy and paste.
You just have to type this yourself in order to master the process.
Right.
Okay.
And.
As well.
We need that size box.
So we're going to need to say size.
Size, box and height of.
Tell as well.
Okay.
Great.
Lastly, what we can do is we can have a button over year.
Right?
Okay.
So over here.
We can just create this bottle from scratch by saying Consider.
And we can give this container a width and the width.
What we're going to do is we're going to get the width of our screen.
Now, to do that, we just have to say is media query.
Dot of contest, dot size, dot width.
Now, this is going to give us the the width of our screen.
And what we can simply say is we can say -40.
That is after I get to the width of our screen, we simply want to -40 from it.
And as well, we can give a height to this, a height of 50.
That is how long the button is going to be.
And now we can have a decoration and a box decoration and also have access to some additional property.
And now we can say color and there's going to be colors, Dot said.
The key is control the safe.
But you can see over here as well, you can give us works.
Size works and heights of ten.
How the changeover in this country and excessive.
Okay.
I think 15 should be okay.
And.
Over the Xbox declaration.
We can have access to this border videos.
And that was one of the reasons we have to use this bus decoration.
So now we can then say border radios, radius circular.
But if it is a secular 15, we simply don't want this to be that sharp.
Okay, great.
And we can as well had a trail cover and within the container.
We tend to consider we have the child, which is going to be a sensor with a sensor at the test you're
going to have.
And we can then have the child and the test, which is going to say sign up.
Okay.
He's come through and has to save and you're going sit over here.
Great.
Now we can have some style.
Maybe the test.
We just has a property known as Ty, and this is going to be test Ty.
We can, first of all change the color to colors the whites.
And.
And we can increase the font size to probably 22.
And we can make this bold by saying four tweets.
And this is going to be false weights.
The boat.
Okay.
How did you recover and use control and then save?
Great.
We can't just say 20.
Or we can just use this.
Okay.
Now what we can as well do, we can change the colour of this icons.
So we're going to need to go up and the icon widget has a property known as color.
So we can see colors with white.
Okay as well.
The Icon widget has a property known as colour, so you can say colours to the whites as well.
You can use control and save how the trigger cover via it is controlled.
This a again.
Okay.
Looking great.
Okay, guys, see you the next section.